README.md, before:

# Repository

[![style: very good analysis][very_good_analysis_badge]][very_good_analysis_link]
[![Powered by Mason](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Ftinyurl.com%2Fmason-badge)](https://github.com/felangel/mason)
[![License: MIT][license_badge]][license_link]

The all-in-one solution for fetching remote data from a REST API using the power of caching and auto refresh.

## Installation 💻

**❗ In order to start using Repository you must have the [Dart SDK][dart_install_link] installed on your machine.**

Add `repository` to your `pubspec.yaml`:

```yaml
dependencies:
  repository: ^3.0.0
```

Install it:

```sh
dart pub get
```

---

## Continuous Integration 🤖

Repository comes with a built-in [GitHub Actions workflow][github_actions_link] powered by [Very Good Workflows][very_good_workflows_link] but you can also add your preferred CI/CD solution.

Out of the box, on each pull request and push, the CI `formats`, `lints`, and `tests` the code. This ensures the code remains consistent and behaves correctly as you add functionality or make changes. The project uses [Very Good Analysis][very_good_analysis_link] for a strict set of analysis options used by our team. Code coverage is enforced using the [Very Good Workflows][very_good_coverage_link].

---

## Running Tests 🧪

To run all unit tests:

```sh
dart pub global activate coverage 1.2.0
dart test --coverage=coverage
dart pub global run coverage:format_coverage --lcov --in=coverage --out=coverage/lcov.info
```

To view the generated coverage report you can use [lcov](https://github.com/linux-test-project/lcov).

```sh
# Generate Coverage Report
genhtml coverage/lcov.info -o coverage/

# Open Coverage Report
open coverage/index.html
```

[dart_install_link]: https://dart.dev/get-dart
[github_actions_link]: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions
[license_badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[license_link]: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[logo_black]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/VGVentures/very_good_brand/main/styles/README/vgv_logo_black.png#gh-light-mode-only
[logo_white]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/VGVentures/very_good_brand/main/styles/README/vgv_logo_white.png#gh-dark-mode-only
[mason_link]: https://github.com/felangel/mason
[very_good_analysis_badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/style-very_good_analysis-B22C89.svg
[very_good_analysis_link]: https://pub.dev/packages/very_good_analysis
[very_good_coverage_link]: https://github.com/marketplace/actions/very-good-coverage
[very_good_ventures_link]: https://verygood.ventures
[very_good_ventures_link_light]: https://verygood.ventures#gh-light-mode-only
[very_good_ventures_link_dark]: https://verygood.ventures#gh-dark-mode-only
[very_good_workflows_link]: https://github.com/VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_workflows

Commit message:

Add warning section to README.

README.md, after:

# Repository

[![style: very good analysis][very_good_analysis_badge]][very_good_analysis_link]
[![Powered by Mason](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Ftinyurl.com%2Fmason-badge)](https://github.com/felangel/mason)
[![License: MIT][license_badge]][license_link]

The all-in-one solution for fetching remote data from a REST API using the power of caching and auto refresh.

## Warning ⚠️

This package is currently under heavy development and is **not yet ready for production use**. It is being actively worked on by our development team, and we are constantly adding new features and making improvements.

While we are working hard to make this package as stable and reliable as possible, there may be bugs or issues that arise as new code is added or existing code is modified. We encourage you to report any issues you encounter during this development process, and we will do our best to address them as quickly as possible.

As we continue to develop this package, we may make breaking changes to the API or other aspects of the package. We will do our best to document any such changes and provide guidance on how to update your code accordingly.

We appreciate your patience and understanding as we work to bring this package to maturity. We are committed to delivering a high-quality, reliable package that meets the needs of our users, and we believe that with your feedback and support, we can achieve that goal.

## Installation 💻

**❗ In order to start using Repository you must have the [Dart SDK][dart_install_link] installed on your machine.**

Add `repository` to your `pubspec.yaml`:

```yaml
dependencies:
  repository: ^3.0.0
```

Install it:

```sh
dart pub get
```

---

## Continuous Integration 🤖

Repository comes with a built-in [GitHub Actions workflow][github_actions_link] powered by [Very Good Workflows][very_good_workflows_link] but you can also add your preferred CI/CD solution.

Out of the box, on each pull request and push, the CI `formats`, `lints`, and `tests` the code. This ensures the code remains consistent and behaves correctly as you add functionality or make changes. The project uses [Very Good Analysis][very_good_analysis_link] for a strict set of analysis options used by our team. Code coverage is enforced using the [Very Good Workflows][very_good_coverage_link].

---

## Running Tests 🧪

To run all unit tests:

```sh
dart pub global activate coverage 1.2.0
dart test --coverage=coverage
dart pub global run coverage:format_coverage --lcov --in=coverage --out=coverage/lcov.info
```

To view the generated coverage report you can use [lcov](https://github.com/linux-test-project/lcov).

```sh
# Generate Coverage Report
genhtml coverage/lcov.info -o coverage/

# Open Coverage Report
open coverage/index.html
```

[dart_install_link]: https://dart.dev/get-dart
[github_actions_link]: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions
[license_badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[license_link]: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[logo_black]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/VGVentures/very_good_brand/main/styles/README/vgv_logo_black.png#gh-light-mode-only
[logo_white]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/VGVentures/very_good_brand/main/styles/README/vgv_logo_white.png#gh-dark-mode-only
[mason_link]: https://github.com/felangel/mason
[very_good_analysis_badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/style-very_good_analysis-B22C89.svg
[very_good_analysis_link]: https://pub.dev/packages/very_good_analysis
[very_good_coverage_link]: https://github.com/marketplace/actions/very-good-coverage
[very_good_ventures_link]: https://verygood.ventures
[very_good_ventures_link_light]: https://verygood.ventures#gh-light-mode-only
[very_good_ventures_link_dark]: https://verygood.ventures#gh-dark-mode-only
[very_good_workflows_link]: https://github.com/VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_workflows
